This is a brief description of the various control types, for use in the layout.txt file.

Hold button
	Created with	: button X Y hold
	example		: button 3 3 hold

Toggle button
	Created with	: button X Y toggle
	example		: button 3 3 toggle

Horizontal fader
	Created with	: xfader X Y SIZE
	example		: xfader 0 0 8

Vertical fader
	Created with	: yfader X Y SIZE
	example		: yfader 0 7 8

Horizontal slider
	Created with	: xslider X Y SIZE GRANULARITY
	example		: xslider 0 0 8 5

Vertical slider
	Created with	: yslider X Y SIZE GRANULARITY
	example		: yslider 0 7 8 5

Indicator LED
	Created with	: led X Y
	example		: led 0 7

2D Pad
	Created with	: pad X Y XSIZE YSIZE
	example		: pad 0 0 7 7

Other entries:

New page
	Created with	: page NUMBER
	example		: page 1
	Description	: All controls must be mapped to a specific page
			  Start the layouts.txt file with the line "page 1"
			  Define controls for this page beneath it.
			  When done, add another page entry, "page 2",
			  define more controls and so forth.

Controller chaining
	Created with	: chain X1 Y1 to X2 Y2 [send]
	example		: chain 0 0 to 4 0 yes
	Description	: The above example chains the controller at 0,0
			  in the grid to the controller at 4,0 and
			  instructs the chained controller to also transmit
			  midi when it is updated. The send argument is
			  optional, and if it is not set, only the internal
			  state of the controller will be updated, but it
			  won't transmit any MIDI, unless physically
			  activated. Chaining is very useful when you want
			  several different controls to influence the same
			  parameter in a piece of software for example.
			  This will ensure that all the controls on the
			  Launchpad are in sync, so you wont get any
			  erratic "jumps".

Bi-directional communication
	Katapult can handle bi-directional communication, meaning that, as
	an example, when you change a virtual fader in a piece of software,
	the corresponding fader on the Launchpad surface is also updated.
	To use this feature, you must assign MIDI output from your software
	using the following format: "MIDI channel=Page, CC=(Y*8+X)".
	So, the MIDI channel your software outputs to determines what page
	the control is located on, and the CC number corresponds to the
	position in the grid, where the control is located.

